README.md, before:

# coreason-maco

A new Python project.

[![CI/CD](https://github.com/CoReason-AI/coreason_maco/actions/workflows/ci-cd.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/CoReason-AI/coreason_maco/actions/workflows/ci-cd.yml)
[![PyPI](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/coreason_maco.svg)](https://pypi.org/project/coreason_maco/)
[![PyPI - Python Version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/coreason_maco.svg)](https://pypi.org/project/coreason_maco/)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/CoReason-AI/coreason_maco)](https://github.com/CoReason-AI/coreason_maco/blob/main/LICENSE)
[![Codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/CoReason-AI/coreason_maco/branch/main/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/CoReason-AI/coreason_maco)
[![Downloads](https://static.pepy.tech/badge/coreason_maco)](https://pepy.tech/project/coreason_maco)
[![Ruff](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/astral-sh/ruff/main/assets/badge/v2.json)](https://github.com/astral-sh/ruff)
[![Pre-commit](https://img.shields.io/badge/pre--commit-enabled-brightgreen?logo=pre-commit)](https://github.com/pre-commit/pre-commit)

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Python 3.12+
- Poetry

### Installation

1.  Clone the repository:
    ```sh
    git clone https://github.com/CoReason-AI/coreason_maco.git
    cd coreason_maco
    ```
2.  Install dependencies:
    ```sh
    poetry install
    ```

### Usage

-   Run the linter:
    ```sh
    poetry run pre-commit run --all-files
    ```
-   Run the tests:
    ```sh
    poetry run pytest
    ```

Commit message:

feat: Implement Concurrency Limits (TRD 5.2) (#36) (#37)
* feat: implement concurrency limits in WorkflowRunner (TRD 5.2)

- Add `max_parallel_agents` parameter to `WorkflowRunner` and `WorkflowController`.
- Use `asyncio.Semaphore` to limit concurrent node execution in `WorkflowRunner`.
- Add `tests/unit/test_runner_concurrency.py` to verify the limit is respected.
- Ensure 100% test coverage and compliance with strict typing.

https://github.com/CoReason-AI/coreason-maco/commit/721e583a464319b5e492be5ae2bc3cb00ba5a7d3

README.md, after:

# coreason-maco

**Multi-Agent Collaborative Orchestrator**

[![CI/CD](https://github.com/CoReason-AI/coreason_maco/actions/workflows/ci-cd.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/CoReason-AI/coreason_maco/actions/workflows/ci-cd.yml)
[![PyPI](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/coreason_maco.svg)](https://pypi.org/project/coreason_maco/)
[![PyPI - Python Version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/coreason_maco.svg)](https://pypi.org/project/coreason_maco/)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/CoReason-AI/coreason_maco)](https://github.com/CoReason-AI/coreason_maco/blob/main/LICENSE)
[![Codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/CoReason-AI/coreason_maco/branch/main/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/CoReason-AI/coreason_maco)
[![Downloads](https://static.pepy.tech/badge/coreason_maco)](https://pepy.tech/project/coreason_maco)
[![Ruff](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/astral-sh/ruff/main/assets/badge/v2.json)](https://github.com/astral-sh/ruff)
[![Pre-commit](https://img.shields.io/badge/pre--commit-enabled-brightgreen?logo=pre-commit)](https://github.com/pre-commit/pre-commit)

## Overview

`coreason-maco` is a specialized Python library designed to **facilitate the orchestration of autonomous agents**. It provides a robust foundation for **deterministic, GxP-compliant workflows** and **real-time "Glass Box" telemetry**, enabling developers to build scalable and verifiable systems.

## Key Features

* **Feature A:** **Deterministic Orchestration:** Executes complex recipes with predictable, verifiable outcomes.
* **Feature B:** **Live Telemetry:** Streams granular `GraphEvent`s for real-time visualization of the reasoning process.
* **Integration:** Seamlessly integrates with the Coreason ecosystem.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- Python 3.12+
- Poetry

### Installation

```sh
pip install coreason_maco
```

1.  Clone the repository:
    ```sh
    git clone https://github.com/CoReason-AI/coreason_maco.git
    cd coreason_maco
    ```
2.  Install dependencies:
    ```sh
    poetry install
    ```

### Usage

-   Run the linter:
    ```sh
    poetry run pre-commit run --all-files
    ```
-   Run the tests:
    ```sh
    poetry run pytest
    ```
